- [Purpose/role of the group:](#orge863c87)
    - [Background/context](#orgbcf7233)
    - [Objective](#org8c94653)
    - [Outcomes](#org15b60af)
  - [Membership:](#orgbb575e1)
  - [Accountability](#orgf024a9d)
  - [Review](#org26e8f76)
  - [Working methods/ways of working](#org8de0dc7)
  - [Meetings](#org5108876)
  - [Definition of terms](#org26808d1)


<a id="orge863c87"></a>

# Purpose/role of the group:


<a id="orgbcf7233"></a>

## Background/context

Linux Australia supports an increasing number of conferences. Many of these conferences are run by a new team each year. This allows for great flexibility: each year's conference is able to adapt to a new location, to changing conditions, and to try out new things. However, many things stay the same from year to year and from conference to conference, and having each team re-learn the same lessons from scratch each time is not always a great use of the team's energy and time.

The LCA Ghosts model has helped to avoid some of the re-learning in the LCA space by providing informal, mostly verbal, mostly reactive guidance network for LCA organisers.

This team aims to supplent and expand on that model by supplying written proactive guidance for conference organisers. It is not anticipated that this will replace Ghosts; but we would expect that the nature of questions put to the Ghosts would change. For instance, instead of asking "How do we run a CFP?" LCA organisers might ask "Of the three documented CFP models, we like the second model but we'd like to make a change. Does this seem reasonable?"


<a id="org8c94653"></a>

## Objective

To reduce the neccessity of conference teams re-learning lessons learned by previous teams


<a id="org15b60af"></a>

## Outcomes

-   Decreased burnout rate amongst conference teams
-   Increased ability for smaller teams to manage events
-   Increased ability for conference teams to innovate and make an event their own
-   Decreased duplication of effort and resources between years and between conferences


<a id="orgbb575e1"></a>

# Membership:

-   LA Conference Support Subcommittee
    -   Cherie Ellis
    -   James Polley
    -   Sae Ra Germain
-   Additional advisors
    -   None at present but would be good to bring people from other conference teams on for knowledge transfer during or after their events


<a id="orgf024a9d"></a>

# Accountability

-   Annual report to council for inclusion in end-of-year report at AGM
-   Update to conference teams every second month, summarising new documents and new contacts


<a id="org26e8f76"></a>

# Review

-   LA Subcommittee Policy requires yearly review of subcommittee membership and existence.


<a id="org8de0dc7"></a>

# Working methods/ways of working

-   Mailing list
    -   <https://lists.linux.org.au/mailman/listinfo/conference-support>
    -   conference-support@lists.linux.org.au
-   [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1FMnSAFYqHsL9uAa2J1G2tMBsEkVTX1bF?usp=sharing)
-   Fortnighly video call: Currently 1pm Sydney time every second Wednesday


<a id="org5108876"></a>

# Meetings

-   how many will there be
-   who will organise and chair
-   what type of things are on the agenda
-   how will things be escalated
-   can non-members turn up?
-   are secretarial duties required?


<a id="org26808d1"></a>

# Definition of terms

-   provide defitions of any key terms/acronyms etc
